Once upon a time in a land of magic, there existed a bookworm named Borl.
Most bookworms lived peaceful and very uneventful lives but not Boral. He 
lived in a magical library. Being a bookworm, Boral only knew of one aspect of
the library's magic. The books in the library transported the reader into a 
different realm; a realm in which the books plot carried out. Bookworms ate 
books, not read them, but eating them proved to be just as effective. 
Whenever he ate a book, Boral went on an adventure. One day, Boral ate a book
titled "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone". He was transported into 
another magical world, however, this world was very different from Boral's
home; it was much vaster and creatures of this world walked on two legs!
Borl knew nothing of this magical world and wanted to get out right away.
But the strangest thing was time wasn't moving in this world, everyone stood 
still except for Borl. Borl was in a large castle, with several classrooms.
Each classroom was filled with students wearing odd robes; the professor
had a stick in his hand. Borl went up to the frozen professor and took the
stick out of his hand with his mouth. As soon as he moved the object, Borl was
sent back to his library. Borl was fascinated with this experience and ate another
book, this time "Fahrenheit 451". He suddenly saw himself next to the protagonist,
who had grabbed "The Bible" and was running. Borl was amazed by the enormity of the book, and 
felt the sudden urge to eat the book. He jumped and attacked Montag (how? I don't know), causing
the book to fall into the putrid soil. Once he started eating the book, the recalled the unknown
dangers of eating books inside an adventure of a book he just ate, but he couldn't care less.It was going to do whatever it wanted to do. He turned into a dog, and went out into the woods and met Montag. They discussed Montag's notes. The old guy was going to go tell Jughead, but Montag yelled at him to stay. Later on, Jughead remembered him from the Little Rock Eureka incident and asked if he was hungry. He said that he wasn't, and that he was going to go. 
Boral grew very tire as his adventure neared an end. Boral knew that when he 
wanted to go home, all he had to do was take a bite out of his own book and 
everything would go back to normal. Boral didn't fully understand how, but as
soo as he wanted to go home, his book appeared. Boral spun around in his dog
form and sure enough his book sat on the ground behind him. Boral took a
rather large bit out of his book and boom! He was back home, as a book worm.
